Add a new change balance matcher that factors in transaction fees (#378)
EthWorks/Waffle: docs/source/matchers.rst

  await expect(token.transfer(walletTo.address, 1007))
    .to.be.revertedWith('Insufficient funds');

Change ether balance
--------------------
Testing whether the transaction changes the balance of the account:

.. code-block:: ts

  await expect(() => wallet.sendTransaction({to: walletTo.address, value: 200}))
    .to.changeEtherBalance(walletTo, 200);

  await expect(await wallet.sendTransaction({to: walletTo.address, value: 200}))
    .to.changeEtherBalance(walletTo, 200);

:code:`expect` for :code:`changeEtherBalance` gets one of the following parameters:

  - **transaction call** : () => Promise<`TransactionResponse <https://docs.ethers.io/v5/api/providers/types/#providers-TransactionResponse>`_> - we first check the balance then call the transaction callback and finally calculate the difference between current balance and the balance before the transaction.
  - **transaction response** : `TransactionResponse <https://docs.ethers.io/v5/api/providers/types/#providers-TransactionResponse>`_ - we check the balance difference between the block that transaction was mined in and the block before it.

> .. note:: :code:`changeEtherBalance` calls will not work unless there is only one transaction mined in the block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: :code:`changeEtherBalance` call will not work if there is more than one transaction mined in the block.
```

The transaction call should be passed to the :code:`expect` as a callback (we need to check the balance before the call) or as a transaction response.

> The matcher can accept numbers, strings and BigNumbers as a balance change, while the address should be specified as a wallet or a contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The matcher can accept numbers, strings and BigNumbers as a balance change, while the account should be specified as a Wallet or Contract.
```

> :code:`changeEtherBalance` automatically omits transaction fees by default:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:code:`changeEtherBalance` ignores transaction fees by default:
```

.. code-block:: ts

  // Default behavior
  await expect(await wallet.sendTransaction({to: walletTo.address, value: 200}))

>     .to.changeEtherBalance(walletFrom, -200);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .to.changeEtherBalance(wallet, -200);
```

>   // Transaction fee is not factored in

Author: @msieczko any ideas on how to make this comment more coherent?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // To include the transaction fee use:
```

  await expect(await wallet.sendTransaction({to: walletTo.address, gasPrice: 1, value: 200}))

>     .to.changeEtherBalance(walletFrom, -21200, {includeFee: true});

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .to.changeEtherBalance(wallet, -21200, {includeFee: true});
```

> .. note:: :code:`changeEtherBalance` calls should not be chained. If you need to chain it, you probably want to use :code:`changeEtherBalances` matcher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: :code:`changeEtherBalance` calls should not be chained. If you need to check multiple accounts balance changes, you should use the :code:`changeEtherBalances` matcher instead.
```

Change ether balance (multiple accounts)
----------------------------------------

> Testing whether the transaction changes balance for multiple accounts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Testing whether the transaction changes balances of multiple accounts:
```

Reviewer: The same in 
>Change token balance (multiple accounts)

.. note:: :code:`changeBalance` calls will not work unless there is only one transaction mined in the block.

The transaction call should be passed to the :code:`expect` as a callback (we need to check the balance before the call) or as a transaction response.

The matcher can accept numbers, strings and BigNumbers as a balance change, while the address should be specified as a wallet or a contract.

.. note:: :code:`changeBalance` calls should not be chained. If you need to chain it, you probably want to use :code:`changeBalances` matcher.

Change balance (multiple accounts)
----------------------------------
.. deprecated:: 3.1.2
   Use :func:`changeEtherBalances` instead.

Testing whether the transaction changes balance for multiple accounts:

.. code-block:: ts

  await expect(() => wallet.sendTransaction({to: walletTo.address, gasPrice: 0, value: 200}))
    .to.changeBalances([walletFrom, walletTo], [-200, 200]);

  await expect(await wallet.sendTransaction({to: walletTo.address, gasPrice: 0, value: 200}))
    .to.changeBalances([walletFrom, walletTo], [-200, 200]);

.. note:: :code:`changeBalances` calls will not work unless there is only one transaction mined in the block.

> 

Reviewer: Let's add a `Deprecated matchers` section at the bottom of the document and move these two matchers there. Also please apply my suggestions form `changeEtherBalance(s)` here as well to make the doc consistent.
